README.md, before:

# Programming Python

A list of programming projects implemented in Python.


## Projects

|  #  | Name                                  | Description                                                                                   |
| ----| --------------------------------------| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  01 | [Algorithms](./README.md)             | Implementation of algorithm in programming language.                                          |
|  02 | [Data Structures](./README.md)        | Implementation of data structures in programming language.                                    |
|  03 | [Euler](https://projecteuler.net)     | A series of challenging mathematical/computer programming problems.                           |
|  04 | [Rosetta](http://www.rosettacode.org) | The idea is to present solutions to the same task in as many different languages as possible. |
|  05 | [Mixed](./mixed/README.md)            | Mixed programming projects.                                                                   |

Commit message:

rename mixed directory to general

README.md, after:

# Programming Python

Monorepo for my programming journey with Python.


## Projects

|  #  | Name                                  | Description                                                                                   |
| ----| --------------------------------------| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  01 | [Algorithms](./README.md)             | Implementation of algorithm in programming language.                                          |
|  02 | [Data Structures](./README.md)        | Implementation of data structures in programming language.                                    |
|  03 | [Euler](https://projecteuler.net)     | A series of challenging mathematical/computer programming problems.                           |
|  04 | [Rosetta](http://www.rosettacode.org) | The idea is to present solutions to the same task in as many different languages as possible. |
|  05 | [Cryptography](./README.md)           | Implementation of cryptography in programming language.                                       |
|  06 | [General](./general/README.md)        | General programming projects.                                                                 |
